# finalproject
cis 1051 final project

Bell Tower's Squirrels

Game mechanics and Nextbot engine by Graphik. 

https://youtu.be/a8xdRNwOvBc 

Hi, My name is Channtera Kong, I am a freshman, and I created a Roblox horror game based on a 1:1 recreation of Temple’s campus at the Bell Tower. I wanted to create a Nextbot style gameplay, which is a type of AI enemy as a PNG image that would chase the player around and jumpscare them, this was also popularized in GMOD. I called it Bell Tower’s Squirrels. Here is the main menu, the credits, the settings page, that can change some of the graphics. I focused on mainly building the map, since I was able to find a Nextbot engine by Graphik, and up here is some of the code I edited, lke the lighting, flashlight, and settings with the UI, and safezones. Loading in, on both ends of the map i created these safe zones, which would protect you from the nextbot, but once you step out, it begins attacking you again. I made the Nextbot as a squirrel, to like represent the temple squirrels that terrorize the students. And I wanted to combine that with temple’s campus, and I didn’t want the map too be too big since it is hard to make, so I thought it would be best iconic to do the bell tower. I also implemented a flashlight system, a night cycle, and the UI at the bottom would show your health once your alive or once you die. The blue head to the right of it is the amount of players within a server, so you can grab multiple friends to join in. Theres also a BHOP mechanic, which once you start continuously jumping, it allows the player to gain more speed and velocity in order to outrun the nextbot, I had to figure out the scale of everything, so I was googling images, youtube videos, and using google maps to figure out the sizing and details of the area to recreate in roblox. I recreated the pretzel place and made the sign by using a 3d text editor as well. The temple flag was also recreated by me, i grabbed a bunch of small squares and colored it red and white for the Temple logo. I also added a bunch of small squirrels around the map, just as a little easter egg. The hardest part of recreating the campus was the bell tower itself, since the shapes were the most difficult to create. One of my major bugs that got me stuck for hours was having a black screen,because some of the models I used when creating the actual buildings, had scripts that would end up interfering with the code with the UI. I also struggled with the safe zones, I had to learn about collision groups and assign different values what it can collide with and not, like the AI not colliding into safe zones. I learned also how to implement decal IDs like trying to figure out how to get the squirrel texture to show up. It was a tedious process, especially debugging and building the campus myself, but it was rewarding to see my initial blank baseplate become an actual horror game.
